update faq with latest wording (#385)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/faq.md

#### I’m a security professional and want to use the semgrep-rules project with my clients as part of my paid services. Is that ok?

> If you have a typical consulting service and running `semgrep` or `semgrep-rules` is part of your assessments, that’s great and of course feel free to refer your clients to the hosted [Semgrep.dev](https://semgrep.dev/). But if your entire service is about scanning code and you want to charge for running the `semgrep-rules` repository that r2c did the work to create and maintain, you need to discuss this with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a typical consulting service and running `semgrep` or `semgrep-rules` is part of your assessments, that’s great and of course feel free to refer your clients to the [hosted app](https://semgrep.dev/). But if your entire service is about scanning code and you want to charge for running the `semgrep-rules` repository that r2c and the community created and maintains, you need to discuss this with us.
```
